want to edit your photos click on
albums then tap see all it's on the
right
above your folders then tap edit
your folders are now movable and you can
place them in any order you want
if you switch to ios 14 the weather app
can show the air quality index for some
world cities so if you live in new york
or london
you can check if the air quality is good
today
the weather app has some other updates
too it has a minute by minute forecast
for how intense the rain or snow will be
in the next hour
only for the u.s though if you live in
the u.s
europe japan canada or australia
you can see alerts for any severe
weather conditions
like tornadoes storms or floods
if you live in a really cold place and
your iphone keeps turning off whenever
it's super chilly outside
go to settings battery and check the
battery health
if it's less than 85 percent you
probably want to change out your battery
apps on ios 14 can be merged together
just drag one on top of another just
like when you want to place an app into
a folder
now you can customize your screen even
more and hopefully
save a little time whenever you reach
for your phone
[Music]
you can take a screenshot on your ios 14
just by tapping your finger twice on the
back of your phone
go to accessibility touch back tap
you can choose from tons of options like
screenshot
mute home lock screen the list is huge
your phone even has a triple tap
function in case you're kind of a
fidgety person
your iphone can scan any document and
even recognize
copy and paste text from photos just
download the google app
then tap the frame icon in the upper
right corner the camera opens
then all you need to do is choose text
mode and take a photo of the text you
want to scan
it might take a while to process but
when it's done
you can copy the text and paste it
wherever you want
you can even use it to translate text
instantly like foreign menus
street signs and instructions even if
you switch to ios 14
you can still choose the time and the
alarm clock with a regular swipe
instead of just dialing it if your
mobile data isn't that great
airplane mode might come in handy turn
it on and wait five to ten seconds to
get a better internet connection
if you're on 3g it'll become lte also
if you charge your phone with airplane
mode on it'll charge about 15
faster to make the video quality on your
iphone better
try these three simple tips go to
settings camera
formats choose high efficiency camera
capture
then go back to the menu go to record
video
and choose 1080 at 30 frames per second
last but not least turn the grid on in
the composition section
no more wonky photos time to think about
cyber security
in the search bar type passwords choose
security recommendations and turn on the
detect compromised passwords function
if you typed the wrong number into the
calculator you can delete a digit by
digit with a simple left swipe
same trick works for dialing phone
numbers so if you dial the wrong digit
just swipe to delete it with ios 14
you don't need to waste time creating
multiple folders for your apps
there's an app library for that it
automatically categorizes all the apps
you use
the recently added section has the apps
you recently downloaded
plus it likes to display recently
launched app clips
now you can set the default app for your
browser or email
go to settings and scroll down until you
see the app you want as your default
when you tap on it you'll see the
default browser app section
tap it and choose the one you want from
the list ios 14 has a sweet feature that
lets you hide
any private photos go to settings and
choose the photos section
scroll down until you see the hidden
albums section
if you activate the hidden album button
anyone with access to your phone will be
able to see them
all iphones have an inbuilt qr reader no
matter if it's a good old retro iphone 5
or a brand new iphone 12 the improved qr
reader for ios 14
can scan almost any code even if it's
tiny or wrapped around some object
as for music you can discover new
favorite tracks
and auto play mode can look for similar
songs you might like
there are also a bunch of new filters to
search through your library faster than
ever
spatial audio is basically 3d sound that
gives you that immersive experience
to enable this feature go to the
bluetooth section
tap the i next to your airpods yeah it
only works with newer airpods
and hit the spatial audio button also
check the accessibility section
you need to hit the follow iphone button
to make sure it all works properly
ios 14 takes care of your sleep with its
new sleep and wind down modes
when you click on clock you'll see a lot
of new features
like sleep schedule first make sure it's
on
then edit the active days you can set a
sleep goal
and then tap the wind down section add
the apps you want to the wind down
shortcut
when your phone is in sleep mode you can
access them directly from your blocked
screen
no more late night zombie scrolling you
can easily improve your battery life
first limit your widget usage try not to
add too many widgets
and limit the use of those that require
a lot of data to keep themselves up to
date
also you can automate the low power mode
to a certain battery percentage
go to automation hit the plus button and
create a new automation setting
alright this one is for all those couch
potato iphone users out there
now you can send a voice message with
the help of your good friend
siri all you need to do is say hey siri
send a voice message to jane smith siri
starts recording
stops when you're done and gives you a
preview now you just have to tap the
send button
there are better automatic suggestions
for your home app and your phone can
adjust its color temperature throughout
the day
making it seem more in touch with nature
another cool feature
is face recognition it can even
recognize someone through your peephole
if they're saved as people in your
photos imessages got updated too
now you can pin up to nine message
threads to keep your most frequently
used contacts at the top of your list
24 7. you can also mention people in
conversations
to direct a message to a particular
person imessages
also makes it easier to filter unknown
senders
the notify me section in messages allows
you to get notifications and messages
whenever you're mentioned even if you
muted the conversation
it's great if most of your chats are
already muted you won't miss any
important messages
but you also won't have to filter
through tons of messages that aren't
directed at you
as for new features and imessages
emoji's got a whole new upgrade i'm
talking 11 new hairstyles
and 19 new headwear styles to customize
your emojis
you can send hugs and blush with brand
new stickers
jiggle mode has changed too to activate
it on ios 14
press your finger against an empty field
on your screen
and voila all the app icons start
jiggling around
in this mode you can delete an app or
move it into the library just by
clicking the small minus sign on it
to exit jiggle mode tap an empty space
or click that big old circle button at
the bottom
this mode can also help you hide any
pages you don't really use
go to jiggle mode press the small bar
with dots at the bottom
and you'll see a screen with all your
pages displayed separately
remove the ticks from the pages you want
to hide hit done
and there you go to get any of those
pages back
do the same thing but add the tick back
to whatever page you need